She's a lawyer who defends
Daniel Sancho on YouTube okay, the version that
Daniel has given from the beginning does not fit
the assumptions of aces and he has never, ever
said he's saying that what
happened to Daniel Sancho does not
fit with a And then it is a
homicide that could be
involuntary manslaughter eh even the
head I consider that it is not that of Edwin
Arrieta I had not heard this How is it that you do
n't believe that the head is that of Edwin
Arrieta man and in the images that were
seen it did not look as beaten as they say
now there is the skull that was not
so beaten that he was missing an eye let's
see how the story ends because
this boy's life has been destroyed on a
sentimental, professional,
emotional level and everything Okay, for some
wretches who have done what they shouldn't have
done what What does he say What does he say What does he say What does he say no
no